##  The Return (2)
I had run countless simulations before entering the round table. After all, there was a gap of two years and six months out of the blue. The members would surely be questioning my absence.
‘Perhaps some of them might have reached the truth about me being Bjorn Jandel based on the similar timing of our disappearances.’
Of course, I wasn't overly worried about this. Only Amelia and Erwen knew I had returned. Just showing my face at the round table would be enough to quell those suspicions. The real problem would be after I announced my survival…
‘Well, I’ll figure something out when the time comes.’
For now, there was something far more pressing. How would I explain the two years and six months I was gone? This had been the subject of my simulations, leading to a conclusion.
“The Lion...”
“...You’re alive?”
No matter how much shock and doubt they conveyed with their gazes, I didn’t need to explain anything.
“Are you not going to move?”
“Ah… Yes…!”
At my curt words, the jester standing in front of the door flinched and retreated towards the wall. The Soul Queen was no different.
Of course, she was far calmer than the jester, who seemed completely lost.
“...The Lion, you haven't changed at all?”
She made way for me, yet her gaze was full of curiosity. The casualness of her voice bothered me, but I didn't show it. I simply ignored her, passed by her side, and sat down in my usual spot with a nonchalant expression.
“... ”
“... ”
An unsettling silence descended upon the room. The members stared at me intently, glancing at each other nervously. Their thoughts were clear. They were hoping someone would take charge and ask all the questions they had.
‘Ah, this feeling is also a welcome one.’
Was it because I had been hiding away at home, unable to even breathe freely? A sense of liberation washed over me, one I felt like I could get addicted to.
Seconds ticked by, and the room remained silent.
Woosh-!
The doors leading to the round table, which had been open, slammed shut with a loud bang.  It was 3:10, signaling the end of the entry time. In other words, it was time to begin the gathering.
Therefore…
“Are you still going to stand there?”
I looked at the jester and the Soul Queen.
“Sit down.”
I have a lot to hear from you. And a lot to tell.
***
“Pfft, I must have made a fool of myself.”
The jester, who had been staring blankly at the wall, finally snapped out of his daze and took his seat. His eyes gleamed with unbridled joy.
“Welcome back, Lion, I am truly delighted to see you.”
What’s with this guy?
Did he forget my warning not to act familiar?
Well, two years and six months is a long time.
“... ”
I ignored him, and he simply grinned as if he had expected this reaction.
“Reason.”
The next to speak was the Deer-Horn.
“You haven't shown your face for over two years, now you finally decide to appear. What's the reason?”
He was known for his macho attitude and always made a point of showing it. He rose from his seat, and directly questioned me with an aggressive tone.
Of course, I had already decided what I would say.
“I don't know.”
“Are you saying you won’t answer?”
The Deer-Horn’s tone grew sharper as I exercised my right to remain silent.  He reminded me of the royal family members, their voice when interrogating someone…
It was a shame.
Just because I was absent for a couple of years, they were treating me like I was some stranger.
“Displeasing.”
I spoke as coldly as I could.
And…
Whoooosh-!
I slowly unleashed my killing intent.
After all, I had just returned, and it was time to reassert my authority.
“...Hck.”
The Deer-Horn’s eyes widened in pain as he gripped his fists.  He might have taken a more respectful posture, but I wasn't satisfied. I continued to press my killing intent,
“Never again.”
The Deer-Horn’s neck veins bulged at my words.
He was better than the jester, who had been squirming on the floor like a bug, but he wasn't much different.
“Look down on me.”
I unleashed my full killing intent, and the Deer-Horn’s body gradually bent over. As if something heavy were pressing down on his shoulders.
I watched him struggle to hold my gaze, feeling a sense of satisfaction.
“Yes, like that.”
The Deer-Horn had sunk to his knees and was now looking up at me.  His arms, placed on the table to support his body, were trembling. It seemed like he was reaching his limit…
But honestly, I wasn't that different.
‘Ugh, my head.’
The pain in my head vanished as quickly as my killing intent.
And at the same time…
“...Ugh!”
The Deer-Horn took a deep breath, finally releasing the air he had been holding back.
The jester chuckled at his reaction.
“...Pfft, foolish, pathetic human. Have you forgotten how to address the Lion?”
“... ”
“Bring something entertaining! Something entertaining!”
He glanced at me, as if asking for my approval or complimenting me.
Of course, I ignored him.
Then, after an indeterminate amount of time…
“Lion.”
A man’s voice broke the silence.
It was Crescent Moon.  He was believed to be of the elf race, and he craved the Stone of Reanimation more than anyone else at the round table.
“I don't care what you’ve been doing all this time.”
He spoke to me, swallowing all the anxiety and questions he must have harbored for over two years.
“Thank you for coming back.”
This was the exact reaction I was hoping for.
But now that I heard it, I felt a pang of guilt. This guy must have been worried sick without me.
‘Maybe I should give him a lead this time?’
As I pondered this, the Soul Queen spoke, breaking the heavy mood with her cheerful voice.
“Well, I think we’re all caught up, right?”
“Shall we begin? I feel like we all have a lot to say to each other today.”
And so, the gathering commenced.
***
The process of deciding who spoke first was brief.
“So, it’s Fox’s turn first?”
“...I suppose so.”
The order, as always, was clockwise.
However, I was last in line.
“Why do we always have to sit like this… ”
It was an unspoken agreement, a tradition.
First, the members would present their information, then I would listen, analyze, and offer information in return. This was the way the round table always functioned.
“... I haven’t prepared anything special today, so I'll just talk about what I was going to say originally.”
Fox, the first in line, finally spoke.
It was a fascinating story from the start.
“The Dragon Slayer, who stopped working after the Grand Priest’s kidnapping three years ago, has reappeared in the Dark Continent. According to eyewitness accounts, he’s much stronger than before, and it seems like he has at least partially overcome the Dragon’s Curse.”
An update on the Dragon Slayer, someone I had almost forgotten.
‘He overcame the Dragon’s Curse… ’
It was bad news, but I refused to dwell on it.
Even if he can use the Dragon’s Words, nothing will change.
I am not the same person I used to be.
Whoooosh-!
The jewel in the center of the table emitted a green light, indicating the successful completion of the first turn.
But then…
“Pfft, you're quite clever, Fox.”
The jester chuckled and addressed Fox.
“...What do you mean?”
“You weren't going to talk about that originally, were you? You could reveal some of your identity with that story.”
“... ”
“The Deer-Horn seems concerned, so I’m guessing the royal family hasn’t heard of it yet. Did you meet him personally, Fox?”
Fox’s expression turned unpleasant at the jester’s inappropriate remark. She remained silent, and the turn naturally passed to the next member.
“My turn… now.”
It was the Deer-Horn’s turn.
Before presenting his information, he met my eyes and averted his gaze, as if he was still feeling the lingering effects of my killing intent. He couldn't bring himself to show his discomfort, but he tried to act casual as he spoke.
“The royal family is about to issue a conscription order to all titled nobles.”
The Deer-Horn’s gaze was fixed on the jester, as if he were trying to gauge the reaction of the Noir Arc faction.
However...
“Pfft, do you think you’re scaring me by saying that? It only shows how desperate you are.”
The jester simply scoffed, as usual, and the Deer-Horn didn't react to the provocation. His turn ended.
The green light faded, and Crescent Moon, who was seated next to him, began to speak.
“It’s my turn now.”
He had been the one to bite on the Stone of Reanimation bait, and he had been diligently providing information ever since. I was looking forward to what he had to share, but…
“Unfortunately, I haven't prepared anything special today.”
He seemed nervous about disappointing me and worrying that I wouldn't return next time, knowing I hadn't expected his visit.
“It’s about Blood Moon.”
Surprisingly, he shared some intriguing information.
“A few weeks ago, Blood Moon demanded money and took most of the funding the royal family had granted to the elf race. She didn’t give a reason.”
It was almost like a scandal within the race.
The Soul Queen, who had been listening quietly, spoke up with a question.
“Excuse me, but even if it's Blood Moon, how can she take that much money without a reason? That’s royal funding. It can’t be a small sum.”
“It's unheard of. But if she said she’d sell the Sacred Tree Palace to someone else if they didn’t give her the money, the elders had no choice.”
“...Sell the Sacred Tree Palace?”
“It’s shameful, but yes. They said she needed it for something essential, but they couldn't disclose the reason. All they could do was trust that she had a purpose they didn’t know about.”
The other members, listening to Crescent Moon’s explanation, couldn't hide their discomfort.
“Pfft, what kind of madness is that woman planning?”
“If that woman needs that much money, it’s hard to imagine any other reason other than something like that.”
“Whatever it is, there will be blood.”
I felt a strange sense of unease.
If these guys are reacting this way, how can Erwen’s public image be any better?
But more importantly…
‘She told me not to worry about money because she had plenty, but that money was all from… stealing from the elves?’
I was furious.
I wondered where she got the money to buy me a mansion overnight. Could it really have been this?
‘What will happen to her if the elves find out?’
If I were her, I’d be heartbroken.
I was lost in these thoughts when Goblin timidly spoke.
“S-so, uh… may I proceed?”
Ah, it’s this guy’s turn.
‘This guy was a Paladin of the Rea-Tlaas Order, right?’
I knew this guy’s identity for sure, as much as I did the jester’s.  I was curious about what kind of information he had.
“The Order has decided to send all forces except the First Paladin Squad to the royal army.”
What is it, more war stories?
I felt a wave of disappointment and chuckled.
‘The Order, huh? They’re not even trying to hide it anymore. Or maybe their identities were fully revealed during the two years I was gone.’
I wondered what kind of conversations they had in the round table while I was absent. I tried to focus on what Goblin had said, but I also kept my ears open.
The Rea-Tlaas Order’s actions would surely have an impact on the future of the war. The brief conversation about their movements ended, and the next member was about to speak.
“Pfft.”
It was the jester’s turn.
“Everyone’s talking about boring things. It’s not like the Lion is back after so long. We need some excitement!”
The jester tilted his head dramatically, then changed his expression and blurted out some information.
“The Stone of Reanimation is with White Tiger.”
…Huh?
***
The jester’s casual revelation sent a wave of shock through the room.
The most affected was Crescent Moon.  He had always regarded the jester with hatred.  Unable to conceal his emotions, he muttered to himself.
“White Tiger…  The one the royal family secretly put a kill order on?  He has the Stone of Reanimation?”
Crescent Moon seemed surprised to hear the Stone of Reanimation’s location, but I was different.
‘Why is White Tiger suddenly relevant?  ’
His name was so out of place, and how did he even become so famous?
Two years ago, he was a name known only to a select few. We used to refer to him as “that guy.”
How did he even get the Stone of Reanimation?
It’s impossible to get unless you know the conditions and have incredible luck.
“What do you think?”
I didn't have time to be lost in thought.
“I figured you might be interested in White Tiger since he has the Stone of Reanimation, so I decided to share.”
The green light faded, and the jester subtly asked for my opinion. After a brief pause, I replied,
“Interesting.”
It was valuable information compared to what I had heard earlier.
I was more interested in this than war stories.
But, I couldn’t sound too impressed.
“Not bad.”
I kept my reaction as neutral as possible.
I had to give him this much, or else he wouldn’t bring me information like this in the future.
‘When I go home, I’ll ask Erwen if she knows anything about White Tiger.’
I finished the White Tiger part quickly and looked straight ahead.
“Jester, is what you said true?”
“You’ll find out if you look.”
“Just, please tell me a little more about—”
“Pfft, I won’t.”
The Soul Queen, reduced to a mere spectator, was being ridiculed by the jester.
It was pitiful, but there was nothing I could do.
I had just heard about White Tiger’s possession of the Stone of Reanimation.
‘Hmm, this will make it difficult to use the Stone of Reanimation as leverage...  What kind of information should I share later?’
I watched the situation unfold, pondering what kind of information I should reveal.  The Soul Queen, gaining everyone’s attention, clapped her hands.
And…
“Now, it’s my turn, right?”
Her gaze was fixed on me, amidst the countless members.
She spoke in a seductive voice.
“Lion, your login history for the Ghost Busters for the past two years and six months is blank.”
“... ”
“Where were you all this time?”
Hmm, that’s interesting…
***
Members are automatically transported to the spiritual world on the 15th of every month.
Of course, you can log out right away, but…
“Your login history is missing.  What are you talking about?”
“Literally. Your login history is completely gone.”
The fact that my login records were completely erased was very strange.
She probably checked with the GM about this.
“So, I thought you must have died…”
She’d go beyond just assuming death.  She would have confirmed that I was Bjorn Jandel.
I was the only prominent figure who died around that time.
However, something felt off about what the Soul Queen was saying.
Goblin spoke up with a question.
“D-died?  Didn't the Queen keep waiting for the Lion?”
“No. I was waiting for the Master. The one who created this round table. I kept visiting periodically in case he came back.”
“Ah…”
Goblin nodded, and everyone’s gaze turned to me.
Their intentions were clear.
Whoooosh-!
The green light emanating from the table confirmed that I hadn’t logged in for two and a half years.
They were waiting for me to explain myself.
“Ah, I wonder if you'll avoid answering. After all, you might not be interested in information like this—”
I cut off her provocation.
“Insolent.”
“Then, what are you afraid of?”
Her eyes met mine, and her face seemed full of composure.
As if she had a way to deal with my killing intent, which had rendered the Deer-Horn motionless.
“Interesting.”
I glanced at the jewel, now devoid of any light, and replied.
“It’s my turn now.”
“Are you ignoring me?”
“I’m not ignoring you.”
It’s a form of punishment.
“Master Artificer, Yurben Havellion.”
I had to make it clear for her sake, especially for the sake of the Lion’s authority in the future.
Even if it meant using my killing intent to subdue her.
“That’s the GM’s name.”
Let her learn the consequences of challenging me.
346화 은둔 (1)
객관적인 스펙은 나보다 근소하게 우위.
그리고 장비는…….
‘압도적으로 우위.’
게다가 1년 넘게 전쟁에 참가해 노아르크 놈들 목을 땄다고 하니, 전투 경험도 이제는 나보다 많을 것이다.
그러나 쫄 필요는 없다.
에르웬은 한 가지 실수를 저질렀으니까.
쓰윽.
바로 거리.
정령왕의 계약자고 뭐고, 거리 조절이 생명인 궁수가 직업인 이상, 이 거리에서는 내가 유리하다.
사방이 막힌 밀실이란 점도 긍정적인 점이고.
심지어 상대는 멘탈도 멀쩡하지 못했다.
“더, 덤비라니요. 제가 어떻게 아저씨한테 그. 그, 그럴 수가…….”
거, 아까는 나보고 악령이니 뭐니 하더니.
길게 시간을 줄 생각은 없었다.
서로 전력을 발휘하기 시작하면 조용히 끝내기 어려울 테니까.
꽈악-
수박만 한 손을 웅크려 주먹을 만든 뒤, 단숨에 바닥을 박차며 앞으로 대시했다.
하지만…….
후웅-!
나름 기습이라고 한 주먹질이 너무도 허무하게 허공을 가른다.
역시 민캐라 이건가?
“…하, 하지 마요.”
뭐, 이 정도야 예상했으니까.
쿠웅.
발로 바닥을 내려찍듯이 몸을 멈춰 세운 순간.
「캐릭터가 [폭풍의 눈]을 시전했습니다.」
내 몸 주변으로 소용돌이가 치며 주위의 것들을 잡아당기기 시작했다.
[초월]과 연계한 것은 아니라 반경은 고작 5m.
다만, 지금 우리가 서 있는 방 하나를 커버하기엔 충분했다.
휘이이이이이익-!
침대, 이불, 배게, 책장, 탁상, 카펫 등등.
중량이 500kg을 넘지 않는 모든 것들이 세찬 바람에 휘말려 나부낀다.
물론 그중에는 에르웬도 포함되어 있었다.
“…이건!”
파루네섬에서 스톰거쉬와 함께 전투를 치른 바 있는 에르웬의 눈에 당혹감이 어렸다.
갑자기 이 스킬이 왜 나오나 싶었겠지.
신분 증명을 할 때는 어차피 원래 갖고 있던 정수도 아니란 생각에 일부러 안 보여 줬으니까.
후우웅-!
다만 에르웬도 그동안 이리저리 많이 굴렀는지, 즉시 임기응변에 나섰다. 바람의 정령을 불러내 잡아당기는 힘에 저항하기 시작한 것.
“그, 그만해요……!”
그만하긴 뭘 그만해.
“말했지 않나. 네 머리엔 문제가 있다고.”
나는 [폭풍의 눈]을 유지한 상태에서 앞으로 걸어나갔다.
그리고…….
후웅-!
주먹을 앞으로 뻗었다.
물론 그러면서도 이 주먹이 에르웬에게 닿을 거라 생각하진 않았다.
분명 뒤로 물러나 피할 것이고, 그럼 [거대화]로 팔 길이를 순식간에 늘릴 생각이었다.
음, 분명 그랬을 터인데…….
투두두둑.
[폭풍의 눈]의 지속시간이 끝나며 나부끼던 여러 가구와 집기들이 일제히 바닥에 떨어졌다.
그리고…….
“…….”
에르웬은 서 있었다.
내가 뻗은 주먹 앞에서 눈을 감은 채.
“왜…….”
이쯤 되자 나도 물어볼 수밖에 없었다.
아마 도중에 겨우 멈춰 세운 게 아니었다면 분명 이 주먹은 에르웬에게 적중했을 것이다.
그런데 도대체 왜.
“피하지 않은 거지?”
에르웬은 천천히 눈을 뜨더니, 금방이라도 눈물을 뚝뚝 흘릴 듯한 표정으로 말하였다.
“그랬다간… 아저씨가 다칠 테니까…….”
응?
갑작스러운 상황 변화에 머리가 멍해지던 때.
“아저씨 말이 맞아요……. 사실 저도알고 있어요… 저한테 문제가 있다는 것쯤은……. 하지만, 그래도요. 네, 그래도…….”
에르웬이 애처롭게 말을 이었다.
“제가, 어떻게 아저씨를 다치게 하겠어요.”
어…….
그, 그렇구나?
뚝.
볼을 타고 흐르다 못해 바닥에 떨어진 눈물방울을 보며 나는 말을 잇지 못했다.
“…….”
이러면 나만 못된 사람 같잖아.
***
이후로 에르웬과는 진솔하게 대화를 나누었다.
때로는 너무 구구절절하고, 도중에 돌연 삼천포로 빠져 한참 동안 주제 외의 이야기를 나누기도 했으나, 짧게 요약하자면 이러했다.
내가 죽은 다음부터 제정신이 아니었다.
복수를 해야 한다는 일념하에 기나긴 고통을 견뎌내고 일족의 순혈을 취할 수 있었다.
힘을 갖자마자 전쟁이 터졌고, 복수를 할 수 있을 기회라 여겨 목숨을 아끼지 않고 위험한 전장을 찾아다녔다.
정령왕과 계약을 한 것도 그 시기이다.
그리고…….
“과한 건 인정하지만, 절대 아저씨를 구속하려고 한 건 아니었어요.”
창문을 판자로 막거나, 밤에만 산책을 할 수 있도록 한 것은 내가 너무 걱정이 됐기 때문이다.
도시에 나는 악령이란 소문이 퍼졌으니까.
일종의 강박증이었다.
또다시 다시 나를 잃을 수도 있다는 생각에 도무지 주체할 수가 없었다고.
“그럼 아멜리아는?”
“…그 여자도 마찬가지예요. 믿지 못하겠어요. 난 정말 그 어떤 상황에서도 아저씨를 배신하지 않을 자신이 있지만… 그 여자는 어떨지 모르니까, 너무 불안해서…….”
“…….”
“하지만 아, 앞으로는 그러지 않을게요. 동료로 삼겠다고 해도 말리지 않을 거고요. 솔직히 아직도 여전히 불안하지만…….”
“불안하지만……?”
“…아저씨가 그러지 말기를 원하니까.”
흠, 진심인가?
거짓말을 하거나 그런 건 아닌 듯한데…….
나중에 또 갑자기 눈에 회까닥 돌아버리는 건 아닌가 걱정이 됐으나, 일단 지금만 보면 더없이 진심인 거 같았다.
이런 말까지 하는 걸 보면은.
“정수들요. 아저씨가 지우라고 하면 내일 신전에 가서 전부 지워도 상관없어요. 그렇게 되면… 이제 아저씨를 보호해 드릴 수는 없겠지만요…….”
에르웬의 정수 중 대부분은 전공을 세워서 획득한 정수들이었다.
근데 그걸 모두 지워도 상관없다니.
“…왜 그렇게까지 하겠다는 거냐?”
“미움… 받고 싶지 않으니까요.”
여전히 납득이 가지 않는 이유였다.
우리가 그럴 정도로 유대가 깊은 관계였나?
솔직히 이런 생각밖에는 들지 않는다.
다만 이 상황에 그런 말을 하는 건 조금 그랬기에 굳이 입 밖으로 내뱉진 않았다.
“…정수는 지우지 않는 편이 좋을 거 같다.”
“…말씀대로 할게요.”
“대신, 이런 일이 또 생긴다면 몇 개쯤은 지우겠다 생각해라.”
“네, 아저씨가 바란다면—”
“나를 위해서 하는 말이 아니라, 너를 위해서 하는 말이다.”
순도 100% 진심이었다.
그야 에르웬은 지금 멀쩡한 상태가 아니니까.
매일 달콤한 말을 들려주고, 미움받고 싶지 않단 감정을 교활하게 이용한다면 내 입맛대로 부리는 건 결코 어려운 일이 아닐 터.
하지만, 역시 그건 옳지 않다.
동료의 관계는 그런 게 아니니까.
나는 그것을 라르카즈의 미로에서 한 마법사에게 배웠다.
그렇기에…….
“저를… 위해서요?”
나는 단호히 말했다.
“그래, 너를 위해서… 아니, 정확히는 우리의 관계를 위해서 하는 말이다.”
“우, 우리의 관계…….”
“…알겠나?”
나는 어딘가 멍한 에르웬의 어깨를 잡고서 확인하듯 다시 물었고, 이내 에르웬은 답했다.
“네, 네헷…….”
…제대로 알아들은 거 맞지?
***
그날의 대화 이후 내 생활이 확 바뀌거나 하는 일은 없었다.
여전히 은둔 생활을 이어가며 밤에는 마당에서 바람을 쐤고, 창문에 박힌 판자들을 떼지도 않았다.
바뀐 것이 있다면 오직 에르웬의 태도뿐.
“아저씨, 여기 아저씨가 쓰시던 장비예요.”
그냥 이 집에서 숨어 살면 되는데 뭐가 문제냐는 듯한 낌새를 풍기던 에르웬이 훨씬 더 적극적으로 날 돕기 시작했다.
일단 그 시작은 장비였다.
“이건…….”
No. 2988 수호병단의 징표.
별다른 스탯이나 사용 효과는 없지만, 착용 시 방패에 충격 흡수 옵션을 무려 50%나 붙여주는 방패바바의 코어 아이템 중 하나.
“…갖고 있었던 거냐?”
“네, 팔 수 있을 리가 없잖아요.”
들어 보니 유산 분배는 레이븐이 주도로 맡았다고 하는데, 우편으로 이 귀걸이를 받은 뒤 팔지 않고 보관만 하고 있었다는 모양이었다.
“근데, 왜 이걸 이제서야 주는 거지? 장비에 대해서는 예전에도 물어봤을 텐데.”
“죄송해요… 아저씨가 미궁에 들어가지 않았으면 해서 숨겼었어요.”
그래, 기분 탓이 아니라 정말 그랬던 거구나.
‘만약 저번에 제대로 해결을 못 했으면, 정말로 이 집에서 키워졌을지도…….’
어딘가 오싹해지지만, 설마 정말 그랬으려고.
나는 찝찝함을 내던지고서 다른 부분을 확인했다.
진작 다 팔아치워서 시장에 풀렸겠다 싶었지만, 이제 생각이 좀 달라진 것이다.
다른 애들도 보관을 해뒀을 가능성이 있잖아?
“…그건 저도 자세히 알아봐야 할 거 같아요. 하지만 확실한 건, 아브만 우리크프리트는 모두 팔았을 거란 점이에요.”
“아브만이?”
“네. 그 사람은 아저씨가 입던 장비 말고 비교적 의미가 없는 것들을 받아 갔다고 하더라고요. 아공간 반지나 그런 거요.”
음, 그렇구나.
입고 있던 것들은 현금화하기에 좀 그러니까, 가책 없이 팔 수 있는 걸 가져간 건가?
조금 서운하긴 하지만, 중요한 건 아니다.
‘애초에 이 귀걸이랑 그것만 멀쩡하면 나머지는 다시 구하면 그만이니까.’
방패와 갑옷이야 다시 제작하면 된다.
다른 넘버스 아이템들도 그렇게 비싼 건 아니고.
“혹시 내 목걸이는 누가 가져갔는지 아나?”
“아, 그 마석을 넣으면 이상한 물건들로 바꿔주던 그거요?”
“그래.”
정식 명칭은 No.7777 가르파스의 목걸이.
이 목걸이는 마석을 넣으면 랜덤한 물질로 변환을 해주는 기능을 가졌다. 마석을 빵, 물, 금속 등등으로 바꿔주는 연금술의 가챠판이라고 해야 하나?
그래서 크게 값어치 있는 물건은 아니었다.
숨겨진 특수 이벤트를 열 만큼의 재력이 갖춰지기 전까지는 말이다.
“실은… 저도 그게 갖고 싶어서 예전에 그 마법사. 아니, 아루아 레이븐한테 편지를 보낸 적이 있어서 알고 있어요.”
“그래서? 누가 가져갔는데?”
“미샤 칼스타인이요.”
“아…….”
이름을 듣자마자 바람 소리가 절로 흘러나왔다.
그야 우리 동료들 중에 행적이 묘연해진 유일한 인물이니까. 뭐, 이번에 원탁에서 이백호와 함께 있다는 정보를 듣기는 했지만…….
사실 그것 때문에 더 혼란스럽다.
전부 다 수수께끼 같다고 해야 하나?
“…….”
그래도 되도록이면 긍정적인 면을 보기로 했다.
나름 애틋한 사이였던 미샤가 아닌가.
얘라면 팔지 않고 보관 중일 가능성이 높을 것이다.
‘음… 딱히 그렇지도 않으려나?’
2년 6개월이나 지난 탓에 확신이 서지 않는다.
그래서 그냥 이 문제는 나중에 생각하기로 했다.
‘아무튼, 갑옷이나 무기 같은 건 왠지 아이나르가 가져갔을 거 같고……. 그럼 나머지는 레이븐한테 갔으려나?’
뿔뿔이 흩어진 내 구장비들의 행방을 고민하고 있자니, 머지않아 한 아이템이 떠올랐다.
‘아, 불의 보주……. 그건 어떻게 됐으려나?’
내가 가진 물건들 중 유일한 귀속 아이템.
만약 내가 이 시간대에서 실종된 게 사망으로 인식이 됐다면 판매가 가능했을 테고, 그 반대라면 그냥 갖고 있을 확률이 높다.
‘후자라면 이것도 아마 레이븐이 갖고 있을 가능성이 제일 높을 테고…….’
“후우…….”
생각을 하면 할수록 한숨이 나온다.
과거에서 얻은 게 없는 건 아니지만, 그 대가로 수습해야 할 숙제들이 너무 많았다.
“아저씨, 안 드세요?”
“아… 잠깐 다른 생각을 좀 하느라.”
나는 상념을 끝내고 에르웬이 식당에서 포장해 온 음식을 입에 떠 넣었다. 그리고 어서 식사를 마친 뒤에 에르웬과 잠시 상의를 하는 시간을 가졌다.
“앞으로 어떡할 생각이세요?”
“…악령이라는 누명부터 벗어야지.”
“제가… 힘을 써서 어떻게 자리를 한번 마련해 볼까요……?”
에르웬은 왕가 출신들이 다 보는 앞에서 증명을 해내는 건 어떠냐고 제안했지만, 이는 거절하기로 했다.
조금 이르다는 게 이유였다.
결국 언젠가는 그 방법을 쓰기는 해야겠지만, 왠지 내 사건에 정치적인 무언가가 개입됐다는 예감이 가시질 않아서 말이지.
“이 부분은 좀 더 신중히 접근해야 할 거 같다. 혹시 잘못됐다간 너를 포함해 요정족 전체에 불똥이 튈 수도 있으니까.”
“…여, 역시 상냥하세요.”
“크흠. 아무튼, 그래서 말인데. 앞으로 레이븐이나 아브만 얘기는 됐으니 그쪽을 중점으로 정보를 알아와 줄 수 있겠나?”
“네! 그럴게요.”
이후 상의가 끝난 뒤에 에르웬은 성지에 들러야 한다며 떠났고, 나는 낮잠이라도 잘 겸 1층 거실 소파에 몸을 뉘었다.
그 순간이었다.
똑똑.
누군가 현관문을 두드렸다.
에르웬이라면 노크를 할 이유가 없는데.
375화 트레